well the Blazers are going to have to be
careful here they seem to be dropping
off the speed of this game a little bit
nottingham starting to push up spending
a lot of time in the blaze n pull they
are indeed they're setting in and
francis to war for you to the back post
and there we are Rob lakowicz at the
back post textbook Panthers goal great
pass from Francis here Dave you said
they were looking dangerous and look at
this path to the back post and lack of
each sweeps that one home
we'll see now if they can do so on this
column for its fed back for shoot he
will try and feed a path across
collected by Olson turn one on that
Kowalski gyeonggi betta not sure who got
the final judge but certainly Judy's was
in there I think judy judy i would say
it was good Gus 37 seconds remaining in
this period the blaze will have to be
quick if they want to get a shot off
Mike shoot will try and do so and that
will go up against the bulging the end
of the first period Ana's even when
Olson is he doesn't need to do that
getting involved in doesn't need that
fans of it he's dealt away known anyways
as always now testing Cameron drops up
here we go Cameron and Jordan Fox over
there in the corner and Jordan foxes are
being dealt with by dusting Cameron Fox
lambs a couple now this is a good belt
over here in the corner Fox have the
band in the middle of the fight after
Cameron had a good one early on
arresting awake Cameron's trying to get
foxy sure of his head big shot from Fox
Cameron with an uppercut as well this is
a very enjoyable middle way to go all
that's a big one and another Fox lands
on back let's just say defense isn't
really the priority between these two
they were Justin actually when you hit
somebody's helmet you know
there have been several power plays for
these answers as well the Panthers have
taken advantage of one of those for they
go for vault like a bitch Jerome dude
East with the blaze go or what's an NHL
going to one time slap shot that's a
laser from the point from that Valesky
might shoot loads the ammunition ain't
quiet getting the label top Valesky
blaze up the secret indeed Stevie Lee
link things away from Griffin good
playboy link tries to put one in and
Peter her she's in the net and the
Panthers are trying to claim a goal as
the goal lights on we won't be able to
see any take a whack in the head off of
19 who's 19 David link yeah that's a big
hit in the head the put the puck goes in
off Stephen charmers stick in fact Peter
her she's still down shoot
wait for the past gets it eventually
fell across for Bradley one's a he
shoots he scores I'll tell you what a
moment that was I'll tell you what if
you want a believer before you are now
what's this one Japan there's a chance
to change ly two of their men on the ice
they will go for quickie like a bitch on
the forecheck he's played very well for
the Panthers has robbed like a bitch
he'll beat one of my shelves for my on
the match I think I used to watch him as
a junior they'll be driven again oh wow
this one I'm sure it went in i'm pretty
sure what oh my
I'm Bradley will cruise over with mart
leavers leavers gets there first feed to
Weaver pass from Weaver to link us from
ladyboy DDT's in on its own big he's on
the breakaway and that was a pretty
finish idea haha pick some granulation
to that man picks off the pass from baby
link one two three thank you very much
tonyo look at the excitement on his face
he loves getting it all really enjoyed
that Wanda studies and it's all gone
very wrong if you're not in front